docs: modifying readme (#3378)
aquasecurity/tracee: Readme.md

# Tracee: Runtime Security and Forensics using eBPF

Tracee uses eBPF technology to tap into your system and give you access to hundreds of events that help you understand how your system behaves.
In addition to basic observability events about system activity, Tracee adds a collection of sophisticated security events that expose more advanced behavioral patterns. 
Tracee provides a rich filtering mechanism that allows you to eliminate noise and focus on specific workloads that matter most to you.

**Key Features:**
* Kubernetes native installation
* Hundreds of default events

> * Ships with basic set of behavioral signatures for malicious detection out of the box 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ships with a basic set of behavioral signatures for malware detection out of the box 
```

* Easy configuration through Tracee Policies 
* Kubernetes native user experience that is targetted at cluster administrators

> > We release new features and changes on a monthly basis. Learn more about the letest release in our [discussions.](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tracee/discussions)

Reviewer 2: s/monthly/regular/

Author: changing it to regular

To learn more about Tracee, check out the [documentation](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tracee/latest/docs/overview/). 

## Quickstart

> Either:

Reviewer 2: If I reading this in a fresh user mindset, I'm thinking "should I click into one of these tutorials or follow the steps below?"

Author: made changes to the subheadings before the bullet points

  --pid=host --cgroupns=host --privileged \
  -v /etc/os-release:/etc/os-release-host:ro \
  -v /boot/config-$(uname -r):/boot/config-$(uname -r):ro \
  aquasec/tracee:$(uname -m)
```
![Example log output in Tracee pod](./docs/images/log-example.png)
Example log output in Tracee pod
## Contributing
  
Join the community, and talk to us about any matter in the [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tracee/discussions) or [Slack](https://slack.aquasec.com).  
If you run into any trouble using Tracee or you would like to give use user feedback, please [create an issue.](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tracee/issues)

To learn how to install Tracee in a production environment, [check out the Kubernetes guide](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tracee/latest/getting-started/kubernetes-quickstart).
Find more information on [contributing to the source code](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tracee/latest/contributing/overview/) in the documentation.

---
## More about Aqua Security

Tracee is an [Aqua Security](https://aquasec.com) open source project.  
Learn about our open source work and portfolio [Here](https://www.aquasec.com/products/open-source-projects/).  

> Join the community, and talk to us about any matter in [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tracee/discussions) or [Slack](https://slack.aquasec.com).  

Reviewer: Don't you think it's a good thing to have a link to our slack channel?

Author: Yes, I have added it above -- just moved it around a bit

# Tracee: Runtime Security and Forensics using eBPF

Tracee uses eBPF technology to tap into your system and give you access to hundreds of events that help you understand how your system behaves.
In addition to basic observability events about system activity, Tracee adds a collection of sophisticated security events that expose more advanced behavioral patterns. 
Tracee provides a rich filtering mechanism that allows you to eliminate noise and focus on specific workloads that matter most to you.

**Key Features:**
* Kubernetes native installation
* Hundreds of default events

> * Up-to-date tracking of malicious behaviour through signatures provided by the Aqua Security Research Team 

Reviewer 2: Not sure we should highlight this given most of the sigs are in the commercial offering. we can soften it as: "Ships with basic set of behavioral signatures for malicious detection out of the box" wdyt?

Author: well, I am not stating how many signatures are provided hahah -- I added the Aqua part because people seemed to find that valuable in conversations

> * Easy configuration through Tracee Policies 

Reviewer 2: in addition to easy, policies also allows more advanced and accurate tracing than before. maybe "Accurate and flexible tracing through Tracee Policies" or similar, wdyt?

> * Accessible user experience for cluster administrators

Reviewer 2: meaning?

Author: Maybe a clearer way of phrasing it would be 
* "Kubernetes native user experience that is targetted at cluster administrators"

> We release new features and changes on a monthly basis. Learn more about the letest release in our [discussions.](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tracee/discussions)

> **Integrations**

Reviewer 2: imo this is not needed (not very impressive section, rego is repeated, the rest points to tutorials). maybe just link to tutorials (the "learn more see docs" line should be here)

* Rego: You can easily define custom events that you would like Tracee to track using the popular [Rego](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-language/) language.
* Monitoring: Additionally, we have several tutorials that showcase integration between monitoring solutions and Tracee.
## Quickstart

Either:
* [Install Tracee in your Kubernetes cluster.](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tracee/latest/getting-started/kubernetes-quickstart)

> * [Experiment using the Tracee container image.](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tracee/v0.17/#quickstart)

Reviewer 2: no version in links

> * [Experiment using the Tracee container image.](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tracee/v0.17/#quickstart)

Reviewer 2: the docs main page should be similar to the readme (like before)

Author: that's something we can change once we agree on the README change?

Reviewer 2: ok so let's not resolve this comment

Author: edited the main index page to reflect the README

Steps to get started:

> 1. [Install Tracee in your Kubernetes cluster through Helm]()

Reviewer 2: missing link

2. [Query logs to see detected events]()
3. Filter events through [Tracee Policies](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tracee/latest/tutorials/k8s-policies/) 
4. [Manage logs through Grafana Loki](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tracee/latest/tutorials/promtail/) or your preferred monitoring solution

> To learn more about Tracee, check out the [documentation](https://aquasecurity.github.io/tracee/latest/docs/overview/).

Reviewer 2: IMO this should come before the quick start, after the benefits
